Given some context words we need
to feed them into a model and
predict the central work.
However, since we might have several
words that are context words,
we have to find a way to represent them.
We also need to find a way to
represent the central world.
So let's take a look at how to do that.
>> So far you've cleaned and tokenize the
corpus and extracted the context words and
center word from a window that
slides across your prepared corpus.
No, you are ready to transform
the central words and context words into
a mathematical form that can be consumed
by the continuous bag of words model.
Let's start with the central words.
For the sample corpus which is the
sentence I'm happy because I'm learning
you first create a vocabulary which is
the set of unique words in the corpus.
So here you get a five word vocabulary am,
because, happy, I and learning.
You can now encode each word as a column,
one hot vector where each row of
the vector corresponds to
a word of the vocabulary.
So five rows in total here.
By the way, here the words corresponding
to the rows are arranged in
alphabetical order but
any other order would be fine.
In this way the vector for am will have
a one in the row corresponding to am and
zero everywhere else Because
we'll have a one in the row for
because and
zero in the other rows and so on.
This is how you will input
the central words into the model.
For the context words you will create a
single vector that represents the context
from all of the context words.
To create this vector for
the entire context take the average of
one hot vectors of each context word.
For example, if the context words are I,
am, because, I they won't have extra for
the individual words are 00010 for
I, 10000 for
am 0,10004 because and 00010 again for I.
And their average is 1/4,
1/4 0, 1/2 and zero,
which yields the vector representation of
I am because I to be used with a model.
So for the first window,
I'm happy because I the final vector
representations that you will actually use
to train the continuous bag of
words model will look like this.
These are called vectors by the way.
I'm just writing them in a single row to
make everything fits on the slide and so
on for the rest of the training data set.
By now you've concluded the preparation
phase starting from the row corpus.
You now have data that you can use to
train a continuous bag of words model.
Congratulations, up next you'll
examine the details of this model and
get ready to apply your new
skills to this week's assignment.
>> Since you have fully
represented the context words and
central word each as a vector, you are now
ready to learn more about the model.
In the next video we will learn about
the architecture of the CBO model.